fix: Don't mention Request (#1446)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/development/sdk-dev/event-payloads/contexts.md

---

The context interfaces provide additional context data. Typically, this is data

> related to the current user and the environment, like the device or application version. Its canonical name is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
related to the current user and the environment. For example, the device or application version. Its canonical name is
```
